Eh processor fix (#34813)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/eventhub/Azure.Messaging.EventHubs/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 5.8.1 (2023-03-07)

### Bugs Fixed

> - Fix null reference exception when using the `EventProcessorClient`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix null reference exception when using the an event processor.
```

Can we reflect the `EventProcessorClient` one over to the change log for the processor package?

Author: ah woops.

Author: Hmm I suppose we don't need this change entry in the main package.
